So let's create our next page objects class.
So we've just created one based on this page.
A user would then typically select the proceed to checkout button.
They'll then be presented with the following page.
So this page allows the user to enter personal information such as a name and an email address.
And if we scroll down, we can see it as a continue button.
It.
Also notice that there are some tabs here for the address.
Information, shipping method information and payment information.
So we got to handle these tabs as additional page object classes.
So the page object class began to create.
Now it's only going to focus on this first tab.
So I'm going to go back to Eclipse.
I'm going to right click the page object package, select new and select class, and I'm going to get
this the name of order form.
Purse info.
And then click Finish.
So the first thing I need to do is declare the web driver filled.
So public web driver.
Driver.
I would need to import that.
And then the next step is to start creating the locator filters.
So I'm going to use by and I'm going to give this first one a name of gender, mister.
And it's going to equal.
So I'm going to import the buyer class like so.
And then if I go back to the page, I'm going to find a locator for this Mr. Radio button.
So I'm going to right click it and inspect.
And then I'm going to go to runner ox velocity and I'm going to simply take his first one.
And I'm going to go back and I'm going to write by CSA selector and then paste that value with a semicolon.
So I'm going to do the same, but this time for the gender.
Mrs..
And he's going to equal buyer sex selector.
And I'm just going to focus on that Mrs. Option.
And I'm going to copy this.
And I'm going to paste it in the brackets like so.
So I need to do this for the various fields.
So I also need to do the same for the first name.
The last name.
Email address.
Password.
Birthdate.
And also the checkboxes.
So you've seen me do this a number of times and you know the process I follow now.
So to save a bit of time, I'm just going to simply copy the code which you can download from this lecture.
So I've done up to that point.
And I'm just going to paste it like so.
I need to import element.
So you can see that I've got a number of different selectors here available now which all reference
the elements on this page and I've just created simple.
Well after creating the constructor similar public methods as we've seen before, that returns the filled
value which contains the selectors.
So if you like to practice and write, it's mainly please go ahead.
Otherwise, you have the option to download the code from this lecture.
Thank you for watching.